provider: add `assume_role.0.duration` and deprecate `assume_role.0.duration_seconds` (#23077)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/index.html.markdown

The `assume_role` configuration block supports the following optional arguments:

> * `duration` - (Optional, Conflicts with `duration_seconds`) The assume role duration represented as a string such as `300ms`, `-1.5h` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`.

Reviewer: We don't accept negative duration and the minimum is 15 minutes. Something like the following (borrowed from AWSCC)

```suggestion
* `duration` - (Optional, Conflicts with `duration_seconds`) Duration of the assume role session. You can provide a value from 15 minutes up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. Represented by a string such as `1h`, `2h45m`, or `30m15s`.
```

Author: sounds good 👍 ooof I should of caught the negative one and looked at the awscc definition
